RECREATIONAL USE LICENSENotice To User: Downloading and installing this software constitutes an agreement between Typeco and the user of the enclosed typefaces ("software") that the terms and conditions of this agreement will be followed. If you do not agree with the terms of this agreement, do not download and install this software at this time.The font "Reenie Beanie" is (c) copyright 2002 Typeco, all rights reserved. Please do not redistribute this font. This font is not to be redistributed, resold or remarketed.  1) Grant of license. This Typeco Font is licensed for use on a single printer or output device in conjunction with a maximum of 5 CPU's for one location. Contact Typeco.com for more CPU's or a site license arrangements. One copy may be made for backup. You may transfer the original software from one party to another provided ALL materials, including all backup copies are included and that the recipient agrees to the licensing terms and conditions.2) Copyright. The software and accompanying documentation are copyrighted and contain intellectual property information protected by law. You may not make or distribute copies of this software or accompanying documentation without the express written consent of Typeco.3) Fair Use. This font is free to use in any private, recreational manner. You may use this font for your own personal website or communications, or for personal design work you might do for a friend, such as a birthday party invite, an indie band CD, or a  personal website. But if you plan to use this font in a commercial manner that you will get paid for, or if you are using it for product packaging for other promotional materials, you must contact Typeco to obtain a Commercial Use License. If you plan to use this font commercially in any way contact work@typeco.com for terms of commercial use, or call us 585-230-1674.This font set cannot be used as the principle art on material products to be sold, such as one of the characters and use it as the primary or sole element on commercial products such as t-shirts, without the consent or a licensing arrangement from Typeco.4) Ownership of Software. The software and all subsequent copies are the property of Typeco. This does not apply to the physical media on which the software is contained.TypecoPO Box 10661Rochester, NY, 14610USA http://www.typeco.comcontact@typeco.com