FONTLOG for Bali Galang fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Bali Galang 
Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Bali Galang fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Prof Thomas Reuter of the Asia Institute explains that 
the Balinese alphabet is named after its first (five) 
letters, A-NA-CA-RA-KA, similar to the English term, 
A-B-C. Balinese characters (Aksara Bali) are of Indic 
origin, but have been adapted for writing Balinese 
language, a language of the Austronesian family of 
languages, that is spoken by about three million 
people on the island of Bali, Indonesia, and among 
some Balinese immigrant communities on other Indonesian 
islands. The Balinese alphabet is of a type known as 
abugida and was derived from the Old Jawanese (Kawi) 
script, which in turn derived from the Brahmi script 
that is the source of all Indic and Southeast Asian 
abugidas. Several Indic characters were dropped 
because they do not occur in Balinese language. This 
type of script is a segmentary system of consonants 
ending in the vowel 'a' unless modified with a 
secondary but obligatory vowel notation. The 
earliest bronze inscription in Indic script in 
Bali date to the ninth century.

The use of Balinese script has been largely superseded 
by Latin script, except in ritual contexts, because 
Balinese script is not deemed appropriate for use in 
public space, which is dominated by the official language 
of Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia.) Even traditional lontar 
manuscripts are gradually being transcribed to make them 
more accessible to a younger generation. Although the 
script is still taught in primary school, few people 
use it on a daily basis. For serious students of 
classical literature, knowledge of the Balinese script 
remains essential.

In 1988, I Madé Suatjana first attempted to create a 
font for Aksara Bali using the DOS based ChiWriter.
Although there was a lot of excitement about this effort, 
the font was difficult to use and the letters weren't as 
rounded and connected as the writing system required. 
In 1996, Pak Suatjana improved the shape of the letters by 
creating a Windows based font, called Bali Simbar. The 
font was better shaped, although it was still quite 
difficult to use because of the idiosyncrasies of Balinese.

In 2005, in a seminar sponsored by the Balinese Government 
Department of Culture and Yayasan Bali Galang, a foundation 
promoting the use of Askara Bali (Baliense script) under 
the direction of Donny Harimurti and his sons Bemby Bantara 
Narendra and Dendy Narendra for the purpose of entering 
Aksara Bali into Unicode (ISO 10646.)  The following year, 
it was entered into Unicode although it was entered in the 
category of "still having some difficulties."

There are now two fonts available for Aksara Bali: Bali Simbar 
Dwijendra, developed by I Madé Suatjana written in Visual Basic,
which uses the program 'Keyman' to manipulate keyboard input; and
this font, Bali Galang, a Smart Font developed by Donny Harimurti 
and his sons. It can only be used with applications which are integrated 
with the Graphite engine (for example, Open Office.) 
We are grateful to the engineers at Google for addressing 
the remaining issues and allowing Aksara Bali to be used 
as a web font.

Bali Galang is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages 
that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be 
expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1

There are no source files.

To contribute to the project contact Bemby Bantara Narendra
at bembybantara@gmail.com

ChangeLog

12 June 2012 (Bemby Bantara Narendra) Bali Galang v1.001
- Initial release through Google Web Fonts 

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Bemby Bantara Narendra
E: bembybantara@gmail.com
D: Original Type Designer
