FONTLOG for the Plaster font

This file provides detailed information on Plaster 
Font Software.This information should be distributed 
along with the Plaster font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Plaster is a very low contrast extremely geometric 
design done in the tradition of the work of Joseph 
Albers. However many of the solutions to the glyph 
design vary from Alber's choices. Plaster is suitable
for use in medium to large sizes including headlines. 
This font deviates from most similar fonts because 
the space between letters is larger. The gaps in 
the stencil style letters makes letter identification 
more difficult. A wider letter space helps make 
the letters easy to read again.

Plaster is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1 and Latin-2

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin 
at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog


6 Dec 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Plaster v1.006
- Reduced the spaced between letters at the 
  request of Google Web Fonts.
- Made letter shapes horizontally bolder to 
  compensate for ruduced letter spaces.
- Reduced file size!
- Remastered Font

5 Dec 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Plaster v1.005
- Adjustments to thin glyphs especially punctuation.
- Remastered Font

4 Dec 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Plaster v1.004
- Adjusted wordspace.
- Remastered Font

29 Nov 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Plaster v1.003
- Adjusted diacritics.
- Remastered Font

29 Oct 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Plaster v1.002
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF


28 Nov 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Plaster v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Plaster
  in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Designer and Mastering
