FONTLOG for the Stoke font

This file provides detailed information on Stoke Font Software.This information should be distributed along with the Stoke font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Stoke is a semi-wide high contrast serifed text typeface. Stoke is inspired by letters found on 20th century UK posters showing an odd combination of seriousness of form and whimsical proportions and details. Stoke's low x height make it most suitable for use at medium to large sizes.

Stoke is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1, Latin-2: Easern Europe, Turkish, 
Macintosh Character Set.

There are three Source files:

1. Stoke.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. Stoke-OTF.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. Stoke-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file


To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

11 July 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Stoke v1.002
- Added weight to allow for the font to be autohinted.
- Altered glyph sizes and spacing.
- Reduced bend in serifs to solve rendering problem in Windows XP.
- Added support for full Latin-1, Latin-2: Easern Europe, 
Turkish, Macintosh Character Set.
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF and OTF
- Added hinting using TTFAutohint v.0.8

13 Dec 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Stoke v1.001
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.

9 Dec 2011 (Nicole Fally) Stoke v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Stoke in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Nicole Fally
E: nf@t-g-d.at
W: www.t-g-d.at
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Spacing and Mastering
