	FONTLOG for Comfortaa:
This file provides detailed information on the Comfortaa Font Software.
This information should be distributed along with the Comfortaa fonts and any derivative works.







	Font Information / Notes from the Author:

Read me V1.5 - 6/12 - 2010

Thank you for downloading Comfortaa!

If you like Comfortaa and use it, you are very welcome to leave a donation!
Making fonts is much work and even a very small amount of money will be highly appreciated,
encouraging me to keep making fonts available free of charge.  
To make a donation, use the link "donate" included in the comfortaa folder.

(Note that it is entirely up to you if you want to leave a donation, and not doing so should by no means ethically stop you from using Comfortaa)


To install:

Windows:
Copy the font files to C:\windows\fonts

Mac:
Put the files into /Library/Fonts (for all users),
or into /Users/Your_username/Library/Fonts (for you only).

Linux:
Copy the font files to fonts:// in the File manager


I hope you will enjoy using it.


Brief copyright information:

Comfortaa is free for personal/noncommercial use, AND commercial use.

Comfortaa is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
http://scripts.sil.org/OFL
This is the standard license of open source fonts and has very few restrictions. Read the "OFL" file included in the Comfortaa folder for detailed information on the license.  

If you still have questions or comments, you are more than welcome to write to my email: aajohan@gmail.com







	ChangeLog:
Please list both major and minor changes made to Comfortaa here (in case of derivative works) - most recent first.

6. December 2010
- Changed filenames to included dashes "-" instead of spaces.
- Changed name of "Comfortaa thin" to "Comfortaa-light"
- Changed the font weight info of Comfortaa-light from 250 to 300
- Made changes to Fontlog.txt (Included the readme file in the fontlog file)

30. November 2010
- Corrected "cyrillic small letter yi" and "dotless i" (version 1.004 2010)  

20. July 2010
- Comfortaa released under a new license:  SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.

22. June 2009
- Cyrillic character set added
- Minor changes made to kerning

4. Decemeber 2008
- Initial release of font family "Comfortaa"







	Acknowledgements
If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address (W) and description (D). This list is sorted by last name in alphabetical order.

N: Johan Aakerlund
E: aajohan@gmail.com
W: aajohan.deviantart.com/
D: Designer/creator of Comfortaa